 location is at Kuzhiyath Junction along the Kollam-Perumon Road (via- Anchalummoodu) 13 kms away from Kollam Railway Station and 12 kms from Kollam bus stand via NH47, The nearest railway station is Perinad at 1km distance.  

Departments are:
Electronics and Communication Engineering Department(NBA Accredited)
Electrical and Electronics Engineering Department(NBA Accredited)
Computer Science and Engineering Department
Information Technology Department
Mechanical Engineering Departments.

Vision 
An institution of global stature to excel in technical education, research and development for moulding engineers to lead competitive professional environment.

Mission
To mould quality engineers by providing them with fundamental knowledge, analytical skills, creativity, innovation, integrity and ethics to suit the needs of the society
To prepare engineers globally competent in technical and leadership skills to solve increasingly challenging technological problems for the betterment of the community.

Admission is through Central Counseling by the Government of Kerala, Candidates are admitted based on the state-level Common Entrance Exam (KEAM) conducted by the C E E, From 2003, 50% of the seats are treated as Government seats, and the balance 35% as Management Quota,15% of the seats are reserved for NRIs.

B.Tech Tuition Fee:
1	Merit Seat	35000/-
2	Management Seat(Reserved for the ward of Co-operative Employee)	65000/-
3	NRI	100000/-.

Hostel Facilities:
Approved hostels for Boys and Girls
Boys Hostel no: 9875748999
Girls Hostel no: 9855689972 
for more detail plz contact.


Our Salient Features
We have excellent infrastructure, well-equipped laboratories and workshops, spacious auditorium, play ground , hygienic canteen and approved hostels for Boys and Girls , We use information technology and internet and other visual aids in our teaching methods.

Achievements:
Two B.tech Programmes (ECE & EEE)Accreditted by NBA; Other two programmes (CSE & ME) waiting for NBA Expert Visit
Received Best Performance Award by MVR foundation, Kannur
One among the 19 TEQIP-II funded institutions out of 150 engineering institutions in Kerala
Our students secured more than 50 University Ranks in CUSAT University Exams
Excellent and consistent academic performance in KTU University Examinations
An institution organising International, National Conferences and Technical Expo regularly
Good Placement Record
Well established Institute Industry Interaction Cell (IIIC)
Good number of research publications
We have signed MoUs with companies like C-DAC, KEL etc.

hod of cs department:
Dr. K. S. Angel Viji.

Principal:
Dr. Bindu S J.


